A feature added in JorManager 0.2.8 seems to have caused the nodes to become
unresponsive on the main server when using JÃ¶rmungandr 0.8.9-stable-alpha-6.
Because the nodes were still running the backup server did not failover. The
problem has been ongoing since updating to JorManager 0.2.8 and an error has
been repeating in the logs for two days without me catching it. During that
time 9 out of 10 blocks were minted without problem.

The reason I activated this feature was ironically to reduce the amount of
missed competitive blocks by giving a process about to mint a block much
higher CPU priority. This seems to have caused the error.

Running a bare-metal server has advantages when it comes to the
decentralization of the network, but disadvantages when it comes to
propagating blocks as quick as possible around the world. Even with my
network card I cannot guarantee a good win rate versus cloud services that
are spread out over the world. However these services are owned by
centralized entities like Amazon or Google. I have a competitive fee to
address this problem.

This is just a theory however, since I have gotten this error previously on
0.8.9-stable-alpha-6. Because this has happened I have switched back to
0.8.13 and deactivated the change that I believe allowed this to happen. I
will continue to monitor the situation and continue to make changes if the
need arises. I am currently working on improving my monitoring capabilities.

This is completely unacceptable to me. If you had stake here during Epoch 88
and are the owner of one of the public keys below, please contact me via
kaze-stake@protonmail.com and I will see to it that you will get compensated
with real ADA as soon as I have verified your Mainnet wallet address and the
amount you lost through my mistake:

10.4m : ed25519_sk1pvq4vs076q45pvgvqmhh6zhr2mstyfdvug37r6raxw344wtg7xcs745tmw
1.3m  : ed25519_sk1ef0y2v4gq08gq6n79l9fjn7l3x8deme0sfrdk4z4ljm886ymykwq5tks4e
100k  : ed25519_sk14kcu4sv92kg6x4ascyc383xzvxgcw9rzppg593uhdqr5l0ury9lsmykucu
94.4k : ed25519_sk1tt3fnuyqrzs0nk07wz7n6qzys6s6dxvt0mtqlqsppgy9gazg4g6qfqryt9
6.2k  : ed25519_sk1mksdtwe2e5psmlm2ahs38ytur9q58f56nz0uzpfyk7yqjlydxnzs4vrur5
3.8k  : ed25519_sk1cpcerczmykxfvqp5tqj337sp679cftl2q5zkec6msph36428kkps6w94mt
2.9k  : ed25519_sk10hw5krj32lphfnw70g4zsrphl9p863vwp4slldc9r330yfyz0v9sqq7uzx